The
Hello, sir.
Oh, you're from Nagaya?
Everyone's here. Come on, come up here.
Do you need anything?
I'm not here to ask you three for something else,
but I'm going to Hanami in Nagaya.
Hanami?
People say that Nagaya is a poor place.
That's a big compliment.
It's a big compliment.
I've said it many times.
What do you mean by that?
There's no Amado in Nagaya.
What?
You put Amado in when you built it?
Yes, I did when I came in,
but I broke it down because it was hard to put in.
What?
Did you put Amado in?
No, there's no Amado.
Everyone's doing ceiling boards now.
Then it's a broken shop.
It would be a disaster if there was no Amado.
What if a thief came in?
That's all right.
There's no way a thief could come in here.
Really?
Yes, I'll come out of here.
What?
You shouldn't have a thief coming out of Nagaya.
You're going to Hanami to get rid of that rumor.
It's a poor Hanami.
You're going to Hanami without drinking?
Is there such a bad Hanami?
It's alcohol.
You have three bottles of sake today.
Yes, there's a omelet in Kamaboko.
I'd like you to take that.
That sounds delicious.
Let's go.
I see.
The moon and the moon next month are the kanji.
What are these kanji?
Do you want to go to the boss with some money from Nagaya?
I don't need any money.
It's a pity if everyone gives it to the boss.
I'm a little embarrassed to say that, but it's not real sake.
It's not real?
It's similar in color.
You'll understand when you drink it.
I made it with the tea I gave to the butcher.
Is this tea?
It's a fish.
It's a squid.
I thought it was strange.
Is it tea?
Is there such a thing as tea?
It's a real one.
It's not real.
I cut the moon and the moon next month.
You're welcome.
It's similar in color.
It's similar in taste.
I got it.
You're not bored.
You can drink tea.
It's not fun.
Let's go to the boss.
I'll give you a light drink.
It's a little bit of a waste.
You're drinking it.
It's a miracle.
I'll go.
You're going?
I'm not going.
I'm going.
Take the moon and the moon next month.
Do you have a moon?
I'm in front of you.
It's a worm.
Why is it a worm?
I told you to take a hat.
You said you were going to take a hat.
It's not real.
Then I'll take my hat.
Don't say anything.